Add cpu_load module from Zephyr and align it with existing cpu_load module (#21098)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-3.0.0-preview1.rst

Debug libraries
---------------

> * :ref:`cpu_load` library:

Reviewer: BTW, this entry should most likely go to https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Author: done

>   * Added prefix ``NRF_`` to all Kconfig options (e.g. :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CPU_LOAD`) for that module to avoid conflict with Zephyr Kconfig option with the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added prefix ``NRF_`` to all Kconfig options (for example, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CPU_LOAD`) to avoid conflict with Zephyr Kconfig option with the same name.
```
